README.md, before:

# odin-landing-page

https://keenanhallas.github.io/odin-landing-page

## Initial thoughts:

The goal of this project is to create a landing page from scratch, starting with a blank repo, and based on the provided design files (included in this repo). The MVP is simply to have a page that looks relatively close to the design file, and is sufficiently responsive in a web browser - not to create a pixel-perfect match or have a page that looks correct on mobile devices.

The intention here is to put to use all of the fundamental aspects of HTML & CSS that have been covered so far in the Odin Project Foundations Course. Starting out, I see the key areas of focus being:

    - Building a page from the ground up, using a blank repo, to simulate a more "real-world" working environment
    - Practicing how to break down a design doc into smaller chunks that can be created one by one without being overwhelming
    - Starting to develop a workflow working with both HTML & CSS - moving from structure first into styling
    - Practicing using Google when I encounter something that hasn't been touched yet in the course material
    - Using normal flow or Flexbox at different levels of the element tree, depending on which is most appropriate
    - Starting to identify common design patterns used in various components that may be repeated across many different sites
    - Solidifying my knowledge of basic HTML & CSS before moving on to the start of the JS content and the rest of the Odin Project curriculum

Commit message:

Update README.md with after-thoughts

README.md, after:

# odin-landing-page

https://keenanhallas.github.io/odin-landing-page

## Initial thoughts:

The goal of this project is to create a landing page from scratch, starting with a blank repo, and based on the provided design files (included in this repo). The MVP is simply to have a page that looks relatively close to the design file, and is sufficiently responsive in a web browser - not to create a pixel-perfect match or have a page that looks correct on mobile devices.

The intention here is to put to use all of the fundamental aspects of HTML & CSS that have been covered so far in the Odin Project Foundations Course. Starting out, I see the key areas of focus being:

    - Building a page from the ground up, using a blank repo, to simulate a more "real-world" working environment ✔️
    - Practicing how to break down a design doc into smaller chunks that can be created one by one without being overwhelming ✔️
    - Starting to develop a workflow working with both HTML & CSS - moving from structure first into styling ✔️
    - Practicing using Google when I encounter something that hasn't been touched yet in the course material ✔️
    - Using normal flow or Flexbox at different levels of the element tree, depending on which is most appropriate ✔️
    - Starting to identify common design patterns used in various components that may be repeated across many different sites ✔️
    - Solidifying my knowledge of basic HTML & CSS before moving on to the start of the JS content and the rest of the Odin Project curriculum ✔️

## After-thoughts

Doing this project was a helpful way to review and solidify all that has been covered so far in the curriculum, while also helping me to realize the sorts of skills I'll need to develop moving forward to make even more responsive and accessible sites. Some areas of focus for the future could be:

    - Using more semantic HTML and how this combines with sites that don't have traditional, obvious headers, or HTML structures with a lot of divs used for wrapping
    - How to make sites responsive on a more granular level, as well as on mobile devices
    - Proper writing & organization of CSS, rather than writing & rewriting rules as I build a site
    - Making margins, paddings, sizing & general spacing more even across a site, rather than doing them element by element and working to make things match
    - Gaining more overall comfortability with Flexbox so I can get elements to scale more smoothly and in the exact ways I imagine
    - Gaining better clarification of best practices. There are always multiple ways to solve any issue, and I still don't know how to tell which is best. I'm guessing this can only be developed with time
    - Gaining a better understanding of how images work with flexbox. I was having trouble getting an image to size correctly until I wrapped it in a div. Curious of the best practice here

In short, I would say this project was a success. I achieved the curriculum project goals and covered my own goals that I outlined above. I strengthened the foundational skills I've gained so far and am excited by looking towards the future of where this curriculum & web development path may lead me.
